README.md, before:

# OOO (Out Of Office)

Internal, trust-based leave request tool built with React + TypeScript + Vite and Firebase.

## What’s inside

- Google-only Firebase Auth with whitelist gate
- Teams with team lead + manager approvals (two-step flow)
- Leave requests with overlap checks and audit logs
- Home calendar with week/month views of approved leave
- Admin dashboard for users, teams, and roles

## Roles

- Admin: manages users/teams, sees all approved leave in the calendar
- Team lead: approves step 1 (except own requests)
- Manager: approves final step
- Employee: creates and views own leave

## Tech stack

- React + TypeScript + Vite
- Firebase Auth (Google only)
- Firestore
- Tailwind CSS + shadcn/ui

## Local setup

1. Install deps:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
2. Configure Firebase:
   - Create `.env.local`
   - Add Vite env vars:
     - `VITE_FIREBASE_API_KEY`
     - `VITE_FIREBASE_AUTH_DOMAIN`
     - `VITE_FIREBASE_PROJECT_ID`
     - `VITE_FIREBASE_STORAGE_BUCKET`
     - `VITE_FIREBASE_MESSAGING_SENDER_ID`
     - `VITE_FIREBASE_APP_ID`
   - If any config is missing, dev mode shows a config error screen.

3. Run the app:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## Scripts

- `npm run dev` – start Vite dev server
- `npm run lint` – run ESLint
- `npm run build` – type-check and build
- `npm run preview` – preview the production build

## Notes

- Firestore is the source of truth. All mutations are logged.
- No Cloud Functions or backend services are used.
- Security relies on Auth + Firestore rules + app-level checks.

Commit message:

Update README to reflect new features: add working-day calculations, year view for the home calendar, leave balances with admin adjustments, and Firestore rules for access control. Enhance employee role description and include test script in the documentation.

README.md, after:

# OOO (Out Of Office)

Internal, trust-based leave request tool built with React + TypeScript + Vite and Firebase.

## What’s inside

- Google-only Firebase Auth with whitelist gate
- Teams with team lead + manager approvals (two-step flow)
- Leave requests with overlap checks and audit logs
- Working-day calculations (Sun–Thu) and minute-based durations
- Home calendar with week/month/year views of approved leave
- Leave balances per year with admin adjustments and carryover support
- Admin dashboard for users, teams, roles, and balance audits

## Roles

- Admin: manages users/teams, sees all approved leave in the calendar
- Team lead: approves step 1 (except own requests)
- Manager: approves final step
- Employee: creates and views own leave and balance adjustments

## Tech stack

- React + TypeScript + Vite
- Firebase Auth (Google only)
- Firestore
- Tailwind CSS + shadcn/ui

## Local setup

1. Install deps:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
2. Configure Firebase:
   - Create `.env.local`
   - Add Vite env vars:
     - `VITE_FIREBASE_API_KEY`
     - `VITE_FIREBASE_AUTH_DOMAIN`
     - `VITE_FIREBASE_PROJECT_ID`
     - `VITE_FIREBASE_STORAGE_BUCKET`
     - `VITE_FIREBASE_MESSAGING_SENDER_ID`
     - `VITE_FIREBASE_APP_ID`
   - If any config is missing, dev mode shows a config error screen.

3. Run the app:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## Firestore rules

The project includes `firestore.rules` with lightweight access control based on whitelist, role, and team.
To apply:

```bash
firebase login
firebase use <project-id>
firebase deploy --only firestore:rules
```

## Scripts

- `npm run dev` – start Vite dev server
- `npm run lint` – run ESLint
- `npm run build` – type-check and build
- `npm run preview` – preview the production build
- `npm run test` – run Vitest

## Notes

- Firestore is the source of truth. All mutations are logged.
- No Cloud Functions or backend services are used.
- Security relies on Auth + Firestore rules + app-level checks.
